.\" Manpage for the Alteeve! repo setup tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH alteeve-repo-setup "8" "August 15 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
alteeve-repo-setup \- Tool used to configure the Anvil! repository.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B alteeve-repo-setup 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
alteeve-repo-setup \- This tool configures the local repository needed to install the Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ platform. The repository will be based on the OS running on this system. For example, if the host is RHEL 9, the repo will be configured for 'rhel-9'. Similarly, if this host is Alma 9, the repo will be configured for 'alma-9'. 
.TP
There are two main repos for the Anvil! system; 
.TP
- community:  This repo is free for use, and tracks the latest available release of the Anvil! platform.
.TP
For support on the Community version is provided through;
.TP
* Alteeve Wiki      - https://wiki.alteeve.com/
.TP
* Alteeve Support   - https://www.alteeve.com/c/supportandresources/contact-support/
.TP
* ClusterLabs Users - https://lists.clusterlabs.org/mailman/listinfo/users
.TP
* ClusterLabs on Libera Chat's #clusterlabs channel
.TP
- enterprise: This repo has additional testing and hardening, but is slower to get new features. 
.TP
To access our enterprise repository with Alteeve support please visit: 
.TP
* https://www.alteeve.com/c/supportandresources/contact-support/
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-d, \fB\-\-debug\fR
This tool does not use the main Anvil::Tools modules, so debugging is limited to messages shown during the run. This enables those debug messages.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-key\fR <uuid>
If you have a key, provide it this way. This will configure the host to use the enterprise repository.
.TP
\-y, \fB\-\-yes\fR
Do not ask to confirm the use of the community repository.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
