.\" Manpage for the Anvil! server shutdown tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-shutdown-server "8" "September 15 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-shutdown-server \- This program shuts down servers hosted on the Anvil! cluster.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-shutdown-server 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program shuts down a server that is running on an Anvil! node or DR host. It can optionally stop all servers.
.TP
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-immediate\fR
.TP
This causes the server to be forced off, equivalent to pulling the power cord out of a traditional server. This doesn't work with '\fB\-\-server all\fR', a specific server must be specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-db\fR
.TP
This tells the program to run without connecting to any databases. This is used mainly when the host is being taken down as part of a cluster-wise upgrade.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-wait\fR
.TP
This tells the program to call the shut down, but not wait for the server to actually stop. By default, when shutting down one specific server, this program will wait for the server to be off before it returns. 
.TP
.B Note:
Any server that has to boot before another will not shut down until those servers are stopped. This is the reverse order of the boot up sequence. For example, if server B boots after C has started, C will not shut down until B is off. The 'no-wait' still applies once the request to shut down is sent, however. See 'anvil-manage-server's man page for boot order details.
.TP
\fB\-\-server\fR {<name>,all}
.TP
This is the name of the server to shut down. Optionally, this can be 'all' to shut down all servers on this host.
.TP
\fB\-\-server\-uuid\fR <uuid>
.TP
This is the server UUID of the server to shut down. NOTE: This can not be used with \fB\-\-no\-db\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-wait\fR
.TP
This tells the program to wait for the server(s) to stop before returning. By default, when '\fB\-\-server all\fR' is used,, the shutdown will NOT wait. This makes the shutdowns sequential.
.TP
Note: When \fB\-\-immediate\fR is used, \fB\-\-wait\fR is ignored.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
