.\" Manpage for the Anvil! power management tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-manage-power "8" "July 11 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-manage-power \- This program can power off, reboot, or set a flag indicating one of these actions are required.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-manage-power 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program can mark a machine as needing to be powered off or rebooted, or perform those actions directly or as a job. 
.TP
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-no-wait\fR
.TP
Normally, this program will not reboot a machine until the uptime is over five minutes. This is done to provide a chance for someone to log in and disable anvil-daemon in the case of a reboot loop. This switch prevents waiting for that 5 minute delay.
.TP
\fB\-\-poweroff\fR, \fB\-\-power\-off\fR
.TP
This powers off the host.
.TP
\fB\-\-reboot\fR
.TP
This reboots the host. 
.TP
\fB\-\-reboot\-needed\fR [0,1]
.TP
This sets (1) or clears (0) the 'reboot needed' flag for the host system. 
.TP
\fB\-\-y\fR, \fB\-\-yes\fR
.TP
If passed, requests to reboot or power off won't ask for confirmation.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
