.\" Manpage for the Anvil! cluster update tool.
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-update-system "8" "July 14 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-update-system \- This program updates the local operting system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-update-system 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program updates the local operating system. If the kernel is updated, a reboot will be performed.
.TP
.B Note:
.TP
If the host is an Anvil! subnode, the subnode will be removed from the Anvil! node (and servers migrated off, or, shut down if the peer subnode is offline).
.TP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-clear\-cache\fR
.TP
This will force the dnf cache to be cleared before the OS update is started. This slows the update down a bit, but ensures the latest updates are installed.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-db\fR
.TP
This tells the update tool to run without a database connection. This is needed if the Striker dashboards are already updated, and the local system may no longer be able to talk to them.
.TP
NOTE: After the OS update is complete, an attempt will be made to connect to the database(s). This allows for registering a request to reboot if needed.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-reboot\fR
.TP
If the kernel is updated, the system will normally be rebooted. This switch prevents the reboot from occuring.
.TP
\fB\-\-reboot\fR
.TP
Normally, the system will only reboot if the kernel is updated. If this is used, and if any packages are updated, then a reboot will be performed. This is recommended in most cases.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
