.\" Manpage for the Anvil! server removal tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-delete-server "8" "June 06 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-delete-server \- This program deletes a server from an Anvil! sub-cluster.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-delete-server 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This deletes a server, running or stopped, from an Anvil! sub-cluster. The resource allocated to this server are removed and returned to the resource pool as well.
.TP
This action is permanent!
.TP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-job\-uuid\fR <UUID>
The program is normally run as a job, with data on how to configure the host defined in the job. This switch allows the running of a specific job. If this is not set, the program will search for a job that has not yet been picked up by another process. If found, that job UUID is used automatically.
.TP
\fB\-\-force\fR
When used with \fB\-\-server\fR, no confirmation prompt will be shown. Use this with caution!
.TP
\fB\-\-server\fR <name or UUID>
This is the server to be deleted. It can either be the name or UUID. If not provided, a list of servers on the Anvil! node this command is run from will be shown where you can select the one to delete.
.TP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
