.TH ANVIL-GET-SERVER-SCREENSHOT 8 2023-07-24 \
"Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-get-server-screenshot \- gets the screenshot of a specified server
VM and optionally distribute it to one or more remote host(s).
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
To get a guest's screenshot and place it in memory (\fI/tmp\fR):
.RS
.B
anvil-get-server-screenshot --server-uuid
.I <server VM UUID>
[--out-file-id
.I <postfix>]
.RE
.TP
To get a guest's screenshot and distribute it to remote hosts:
.RS
.B
anvil-get-server-screenshot --server-uuid
.I <server VM UUID>
--request-host-name
.I <hostname CSV>
[--out-file-id
.I <postfix>]
.RE
.TP
To convert the guest screenshot to PNG encoded with base64:
.RS
.B
anvil-get-server-screenshot --convert --server-uuid
.I <server VM UUID>
[--out-file-id
.I <postfix>]
[--resize \fI<width>\fRx\fI<height>\fR]
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
This page describes the necessities to use the
.I anvil-get-server-screenshot
tool, which has different roles depending on the type of Anvil! host it
executes on. On a node, the tool can take a screenshot of a running libvirt
domain and distribute it to all known striker(s). On a striker, the tool
can convert, scale, and encode the distributed screenshot to make it usable
by the web UI.
.SS Warning!
The tool described by this page is \fBhighly likely\fR to be revamped in
the near future. It is safe to use on command line, but please avoid using
it inside another executable until this warning is removed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --convert
Convert a raw screenshot to PNG type encoded with base64. It does not fetch
a screenshot from the specified server VM.
.RS

This option can only be on Anvil! striker(s).
.RE
.TP
.B --out-file-id
Specify a string to append to the screenshot name, which is can be used
when recording or converting the screenshot. This is usually the EPOCH of
when the image is created.
.TP
.B --request-host-name
Specify one hostname or multiple comma-separated hostnames to distribute
the taken screenshot. The image file will be placed in the \fI/tmp\fR of
the listed remote host(s).
.TP
.B --resize \fI<width>\fRx\fI<height>\fR
Scale the screenshot to fit into a width by height area.
.RS

Example: a 1920x1080 screenshot would be scaled down to 500x281 when
--resize 500x500 is set.
.RE
.RS

This option is only effective when --convert is used.
.RE
.TP
.B --server-uuid \fI<server VM UUID>\fR
UUID of the server VM, or libvirt domain/guest to fetch the screenshot
from. When used with --convert, this is used to build the image filename
prefix.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.TP
.B 1
Usage, syntax, or database connection error.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org.
