.\" Manpage for the Anvil! server system manager
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-manage-keys "8" "August 28 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-manage-keys \- Tool used to manage ssh keys
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-manage-keys 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
anvil-manage-keys \- This tool is used to remove old SSH keys from a machine that has been rebuilt.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-confirm\fR
When called without a job-uuid, a search is made to find any bad keys. If they are found, the user is prompted to delete them. This switch assumes consent is given and the keys are removed.
.TP
\fB\-\-job\-uuid\fR
This is the jobs -> job_uuid to execute. Generally this is only used by other programs.
.TP
\fB\-\-test\fR
This will read the user's ~/.ssh/known_hosts file and test access to all listed hosts. The purpose is to test to see if any host keys have changed, and is meant to be used to trigger the removal of old keys after another host in the cluster has been rebuilt.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
