.\" Manpage for the Anvil! file management tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-manage-files "8" "August 02 2022" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-manage-files \- This program manages the files sync'ed across machines in the Anvil! cluster
.TP
.B Note: 
This tool is not yet complete.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-manage-files 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This handles synchronizing files, typically ISO used to build new servers and scripts used to manage them, across Anvil! nodes.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-add\fR 
(not implemented yet)
.TP
\fB\-\-check\fR 
This runs a check for files that need to be processed (added, deleted, etc).
.TP
\fB\-\-delete\fR 
This will delete the \fB\-\-file\fR </path/to/file> from the entire Anvil! cluster. 
.TP
\fB\-\-download\fR 
(not implemented yet)
.TP
\fB\-\-file\fR <file>
This is the file being worked on.
.TP
\fB\-\-is\-script\fR 
When set, the file is marked as a script or program. Files marked this way can be used in different places in the Anvil! cluster.
.TP
\fB\-\-rename\fR 
The changes the name of a file. Use \fB\-\-file\fR <old name> and \fB\-\-to\fR <new name>.
.TP
\fB\-\-to\fR <new name>
The is the new file name that's being changed. 
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
