.\" Manpage for the Anvil! daemon managers
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-manage-daemons "8" "August 02 2022" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-manage-daemons \- Tool used to monitor and manage Anvil! daemons.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-manage-daemons 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
When run with '\fB\-\-monitor\fR', it will run as a daemon, checking all other Anvil! daemons. If any are found to be 'failed', they will be stopped and restarted.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-all\fR
There are performance monitoring daemons, like 'anvil-monitor-daemons' and 'anvil-monitor-performance' which log daemon states and performance data. When disabling, these are disabled. When enabling, these are NOT enabled. Using \fB\-\-all\fR will enable these daemons.
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\fR
All Anvil! daemons that are not disabled will be disabled.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\fR
All Anvil! daemons that are not enabled will be enabled.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-only\fR 
if this is passed, it monitors the status of the daemons, but does not try to recover failed ones.
.TP
\fB\-\-monitor\fR 
This is set to the job UUID when the request to boot is coming from a database job. When set, the referenced job will be updated and marked as complete / failed when the run completes.
.TP
\fB\-\-now\fR
This can be used with \fB\-\-enable\fR or \fB\-\-disable\fR to have the daemons started or stopped immediately.
.TP
\fB\-\-start\fR
This will start all daemons that are not already running.
.TP
\fB\-\-status\fR
Reports the state of all daemons.
.TP
\fB\-\-stop\fR
This will stop all daemons that are not already stopped.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
