.\" Manpage for the Anvil! cluster update tool.
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-provision-server "8" "August 15 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-provision-server \- Tool to provision new servers. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-provision-server 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool is used to provision (create) new servers on an Anvil! IA cluster. It can be run interactively, or using switches.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-anvil\fR, \fB\-\-anvil\-name\fR, \fB\-\-anvil\-uuid\fR <anvil name or uuid>
.TP
This is the Anvil! name or UUID that the new server will be provisioned on.
.TP
\fB\-\-ci\-test\fR <new name>
.TP
This switch is not meant to be used outside of automated testing. It reports the resources available to create a new server for a given \fB\-\-anvil\fR. Use with \fB\-\-machine\fR to display the information in a machine-parsable format.
.TP
\fB\-\-driver\-disc\fR <ISO name>
.TP
This tells the system to create a new server with a second optical disc with the specified ISO mounted as a driver disc. This ISO will NOT be the one used to boot the new server.
.TP
\fB\-\-cpu\fR <cores>
.TP
This is the number of CPU cores to allocate to the new server. This will be created as a single socket CPU with the requested number of cores.
.TP
\fB\-\-install\-media\fR <ISO name>
.TP
This selects the ISO to boot off of. It is generally the OS installation disc for your selected operating system.
.TP
\fB\-\-machine\fR <ISO name>
.TP
This tells the program to display information in a machine-parsable format.
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fR <name>
.TP
This is the name to give to the new server. The limitations on the name are the same as the limitation imposed by 'virt-install'. The name must be globally unique across the Anvil! IA cluster. It is recommended to keep the name under 16 characters long.
.TP
\fB\-\-network\fR <string; bridge=<bridge_name>[,mac=<mac_address>],model=<virt-install NIC model>]]>
.TP
This is a string that controls how the network is configured. The 'bridge=<bridge_name>' is required, and determines which bridge (virtual ethernet switch) the interface will be "plugged into". Optionally, you can add ',mac=<mac_address>' to specify the MAC address that the new network interface will be given. This is useful when migrating a server from another host. Last, you can optionally use ',model=<NIC model>' to control what hardware is used to emulate the new network card. Generally this is 'virtio', but could also be 'e1000e' to emulate an Intel network card, or 'rtl8139' to emulate a basic Realtek network card.
.TP
\fB\-\-options\fR
.TP
This tells the program to report valid options that can be used, including the valid range of CPU cores, RAM, available ISOs, etc. 
.TP
\fB\-\-os\fR <short id>
.TP
This controls how the hypervisor will optimize the new server for a given operating system. The list of valid options are long, and can be seen by running 'osinfo-query os'. Use the name under the 'Short ID' column that is the closest match to the OS you plan to install.
.TP
\fB\-\-uuid\fR <UUID>
.TP
Normally, a new UUID is created for the new server. If you want to specify a specific UUID, typically when migrating a server from another host, you can do so with this switch.
.TP
\fB\-\-ram\fR <human readable size>
.TP
This tells the program how much RAM to allocate to the new server. It can be specified in bytes, or in a human-readable format (without spaces). For example, '--ram 8GiB' would allocate 8 gibibytes to the server. In the unlikely case that you want to specify a base-10 value, '--8GB' would allocate 8 billion bytes even (or about 7.45 GiB). 
.TP
\fB\-\-storage\-group\fR <name or UUID>
.TP
This is the storage group (by name or UUID) to use when creating the new hard drive for the server. 
.TP
\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR <human readable size>
.TP
This tells the program how big to create the hard drive for the new server. It can be specified in bytes, or in a human-readable format (without spaces). For example, '--storage-size 100GiB' would allocate 100 gibibytes to the server. In the unlikely case that you want to specify a base-10 value, '--100GB' would allocate 100 billion bytes even (or about 93.13 GiB). 
.TP
.B Note
The replicated storage metadata will be at the end of this disk. The practical effect of this is that the disk size presented to the new server will be ~ 32 MiB per 1 TiB less than what you are requesting. If you are planning to copy an image from an existing server, it is recommended to allocate an additional 1 GiB to be sure that the image will fit. 
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
