.\" Manpage for the Anvil! server system manager
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-manage-server-network "8" "October 11 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-manage-server-network \- Tool used to manage networking on (virtual) servers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-manage-server-network
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
anvil-manage-server-network \- This tool is used to manage networking on hosted servers. It can be used to add a NIC, remove a NIC, unplug a NICs virtual network cable, and plug that cable back in.
.TP
When called without arguments, the list of Anvil nodes, the bridges and servers on those nodes, and the existing NICs used by each server are shown.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-add\fR 
Used with \fB\-\-bridge\fR to add a new NIC to connect a server to the bridge.
.TP
\fB\-\-bridge\fR <bridge name>
When using \fB\-\-add\fR, this controls which bridge the new NIC is connected to.
.TP
\fB\-\-confirm\fR
This allows confirming actions without being prompted.
.TP
\fB\-\-mac\fR <mac address>
When using \fB\-\-add\fR, this optionally allows you to set the new interface's MAC address. With \fB\-\-plug\fR, \fB\-\-unplug\fR, and \fB\-\-remove\fR, this switch is required to identify which NIC is being worked on.
.TP
\fB\-\-model\fR 
When used with \fB\-\-add\fR, this allows you to set the network device to emulate. When not used, the hypervisor default is used. To see the list of valid options, run: 'qemu-kvm -net nic,model=help' on a subnode or DR host.
.TP
\fB\-\-plug\fR 
This will plug a virtual network cable back in, reconnecting the interface identified with '\fB\-\-mac\fR <mac address>' to it's bridge.
.TP
\fB\-\-remove\fR 
This removes / deletes the interface identified with '\fB\-\-mac\fR <mac address>' from the virtual server entirely.
.TP
\fB\-\-unplug\fR 
This will unplug a virtual network cable back, disconnecting the interface identified with '\fB\-\-mac\fR <mac address>' from it's bridge. In this state, no network traffic will be able to flow over this interface.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
