.\" Manpage for the Anvil! storage groups
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-special-operations "8" "Jun 30 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-special-operations \- This program is generally meant to be used by other programs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-special-operations
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool is used, generally by other parts of the Anvil!, the accomplish tasks that generally can't be accomplished by direct system calls. It's a general purpose tool meant to solve specific corner cases.
.TP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
.TP
\fB\-\-task\fR
This is the task being requested. Current optiopns are:
.IP refresh-drbd-resource
This requires \fB\-\-resource <new name>\fR, and will call 'drbdadm adjust <resource>' as a background task and then return immediately. This is required when adding a new volume to an existing resource as 'drbdadm adjust <res>' will hold until it is called on all active DRBD nodes. This blocks the caller after the first remote host call.
.TP
.IP safe-stop
This implies \fB\-\-no\-db\fR, and will call 'anvil-safe-stop' as a background task. This is designed to ensure that a nodes leave the subcluster, and for DR host to shut down servers. This is done when the host is not yet updated, and the Striker dashboards have been upgraded with a new database schema.
.TP
.IP update-system
This implies \fB\-\-no\-db\fR, and will call 'anvil-update-system' as a background task. This allows remote machines to call for the update without risk of timing out the network connection. 
.TP
Note: \fB\-\-no\-reboot\fR, \fB\-\-clear\-cache\fR, and \fB\-\-reboot\fR are all available here and passed to 'anvil-update-system'. See it's manpage for usage information.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-db\fR
.TP
This tells the program to run without a database connection.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
