.\" Manpage for the Anvil! tool to 
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH anvil-download-file "8" "July 26 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
anvil-download-file \- This program downloads a file from a URL
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B anvil-download-file 
\fI\,<options> \/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This takes a URL (ftp, http or https) and downloads the file. If it is called without --url, it shows the progress of any other instances currently downloading files.
.TP
.SH NOTE
This tool is not complete and should not be used yet
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-abort\fR (to be implemented)
.TP
Abort an active download.
.TP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fR 
.TP
If the file exists already, this switch will overwrite the existing file with the new download.
.TP
\fB\-\-save\-to\fR </path/to/download/directory>
.TP
By default, downloaded files are saved in /mnt/shared/files (copied there after downloading to /mnt/shared/incoming). If you would like to save the downloaded file elsewhere, you can use this switch
.TP
\fB\-\-script\fR 
.TP
If this is used, the file being downloaded will be set to be executable. 
.TP
\fB\-\-url\fR 
.TP
This is the ftp://, http:// or https:// path to the file to be downloaded
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
