.\" Manpage for the Anvil! server boot program
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH striker-boot-machine "8" "September 11 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
striker-boot-machine \- Tool used to boot physical machines that have IPMI configuration information.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B striker-boot-machine 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool is used to power up any machine in the cluster with IPMI configuration in the database. Typically this is subnodes and DR hosts, but could also be Striker dashboards if they have an IPMI BMC. If the server is found to already be om, it will NOT be booted again.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-confirm\fR
When using \fB\-\-force\-off\fR or \fB\-\-force\-reboot\fR, you will be asked to confirm the reboot. If this is set, you won't be prompted. 
.TP
.B Note:
If \fB\-\-job\-uuid\fR is set, no confirmation is required.
.TP
\fB\-\-force\-off\fR
This will force the target machine to power off, if it can be done using IPMI. This is done WITHOUT any attempt to gracefully withdraw from the subcluster! This should only be used if a machine has become unresponsive!
.TP
.B Note:
If the target machine is in a subcluster, it's possible the peer will fence (and so boot) the machine. As such, though this tool will not turn the target back on, but it could still power up again.
.TP
\fB\-\-force\-reboot\fR 
This is similar to \fB\-\-force\-off\fR, but after the host is confirmed to be off, it will be restarted, if possible.
.TP
.B Note:
The attempt to power the machine on will be via the fence device
.TP 
\fB\-\-host\fR <name, UUID or 'all'>
This is the host name or UUID of the server to power on. If this is set to 'all', all machines that have IPMI configuration information will be checked, and if it's found to be off, it will be booted.
.TP
.B Note:
The host host 'all' can NOT be used with \fB\-\-force\-off\fR or \fB\-\-force\-reboot\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-host-uuid\fR <UUID>
This is effectively the same as \fB\-\-host\fR, but provides backwards compatibility. Its use is discouraged.
.TP
\fB\-\-job\-uuid\fR <uuid>
If this is set, the job will be processed.
.TP
Be aware that when this is used, if a server fails to boot, no further servers will be started.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
