.\" Manpage for the Anvil! IA platform 
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH striker-manage-install-target "8" "July 23 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
striker-manage-install-target \- This manages the "Install Target" feature on Striker dashboards
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B striker-manage-install-target 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Note
This feature is currently disabled. As such, this tool is not yet useful.
.TP
This handles the management of the Install Target feature on Striker dashboards. That is the ability for a sub node, DR host or other Striker to PXE boot and do an OS install without an external network connection.
.TP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-add\fR
This tells the program to add the host as a peer.
.TP
\fB\-\-list\fR
This returns the current list of configured hosts and their host UUIDs.
.TP
\fB\-\-remove\fR
This tells the program to remove the host, preventing it from being a peer.
.TP
\fB\-\-host\fR
This is the hostname or IP address of the host being added. Specifically, it is used to populate the 'database::<host_uuid>::host = <host>' variable.
.TP
\fB\-\-host\-uuid\fR
This is the host UUID of the peer being worked on. 
.TP
\fB\-\-job\-uuid\fR <uuid>
This is the job UUID used to run this job.
.TP
\fB\-\-port\fR
This is the TCP port used to connect to the peer's PostgreSQL database. The default is '5432' and generally should not be changed.
.TP
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR
This is the path to the file that contains the password used to connect to the peer (both the ssh password and the PostgreSQL database). 
.TP
\fB\-\-ping\fR
If set, before a connection to the peer is attempted, a simple ping will be performed. This is recommended as a failed connection to postgresql can take longer, and slow down application when the peer is offline.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
