.\" Manpage for the Anvil! machine power and access reporting tool.
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH striker-collect-debug "8" "July 04 2023" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
striker-collect-debug \- This program collects data needed to help diagnose problems with an Anvil! system.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B striker-collect-debug 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program collects database data, logs, config files and other information needed to help diagnose problems with the Anvil! platform. By default, this collects all data from all accessible machines.
.TP
.B Note:
This program collects potentially secure information, like passwords. Be careful who you share the collected data with!
.TP
The data from Striker dashboards are always collected.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-anvil\fR <name or UUID>
.TP
This restricts the data to be collected to the Striker dashboards and the specific Anvil! node pair.
.TP
\fB\-\-hosts\fR <comma-separated list of host names or UUIDs>
.TP
This can be used to specify which specific hosts data is collected from. Note that this can be used in conjuction with \fB\-\-anvil\fR to add additional hosts to collect data from, like DR hosts. 
.TP
\fB\-\-with\-screenshots\fR
.TP
This collects VMs screenshots together with debug log. Disabled by default.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\-file\fR </path/to/file.tar.bz2>
.TP
This allows you to specify the output compressed tarball that the files will be saved in. By default, the output file is \fB/root/anvil-debug_<timestamp>.tar.bz2\fR. If this is a directory (ending in \fB/\fR), the normal file name is created, just in a different directory. If the path ends in a file that doesn't have the \fB.tar.bz2\fR suffix, that suffix will be added automatically. The output file will always be a bzip2's tarball.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
