.\" Manpage for the Alteeve! striker-initialize-host tool
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH striker-initialize-host "8" "August 02 2022" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
striker-initialize-host \- Tool used on Striker dashboards to initialize new Nodes and DR hosts.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B striker-initialize-host 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
striker-initialize-host \- This tool logs into a target Anvil! sub-node or DR host, adds the Alteeve! repository, installs \fBanvil-node\fR or \fBanvil-dr\fR, and then configures \fBanvil.conf\fR so that the target can start communicating with any peered Striker dashboards.
.IP
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\-d, \fB\-\-job-uuid\fR
This is the jobs -> job_uuid of the job to run, if it exists.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-vv\fR, \fB\-vvv\fR
Set the log level for this run to 1, 2 or 3 (higher == more verbose).
.IP
.SS "Commands:"
\-k, \fB\-\-enterprise-uuid\fR <uuid>
If you have a key, provide it this way. This will configure the host to use the Alteeve enterprise repository. (see 'man alteeve-repo-setup' for repo options).
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-host-ip-address\fR <ip_address>
This is the IP address of the target node or DR host.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-password\fR <string>
This is the current \fBroot\fR user's password on the target node or DR host.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-rh-password\fR <string>
If the target is a Red Hat Enterprise Linux OS, and if the target is not yet connected to a subscription, you can provide the \fBrh-user\fR and this password to have the target subscribed during initialization.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-rh-user\fR <string>
If the target is a Red Hat Enterprise Linux OS, and if the target is not yet connected to a subscription, you can provide this user name and \fBrh-password\fR to have the target subscribed during initialization.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-ssh-port\fR <number, default 22>
If you need to connect over a non-standard port, you can set it with this switch.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-target\fR <ip_address>
Alternative to \fB\-\-host-ip-address\fR.
.TP
\-k, \fB\-\-type\fR <'node' or 'dr'>
This indicates how you want the target to be initialized as.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
