.\" Manpage for the Anvil! IA platform 
.\" Contact mkelly@alteeve.com to report issues, concerns or suggestions.
.TH striker-scan-network "8" "July 23 2024" "Anvil! Intelligent Availability™ Platform"
.SH NAME
striker-scan-network \- This scans accessible networks to create a map of MAC addresses to IP addresses
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B striker-scan-network 
\fI\,<command> \/\fR[\fI\,options\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This does a simple nmap ping sweep of the accessible networks (usually the BCN and IFN). The goal is to create a reference table of MAC addresses to IP addresses, useful for determining which IPs are in use by servers. It also allows a referencing of the MAC addresses to vendors using the OUI data.
.B Note
.TP
This is meant to run once per day, and is run by anvil-daemon every 24 hours. 
.SH OPTIONS
\-?, \-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this man page.
.TP
\fB\-\-log-secure\fR
When logging, record sensitive data, like passwords.
.TP
\-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Set the log level to 1, 2 or 3 respectively. Be aware that level 3 generates a significant amount of log data.
.SS "Commands:"
\fB\-\-force\fR
This forces a scan, even if it's not been 24 hours since the last time a scan completed.
.TP
\fB\-\-network\fR <ip/subnet>
This is used to scan one specific network. When this switch is used, the 24 hour run check is NOT performed, so \fB\-\-force\fR is not required.
.IP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Madison Kelly, Alteeve staff and the Anvil! project contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to users@clusterlabs.org
